NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
NERO:
That boy that killed those kids
in the school yesterday,
he belonged
to my cousin's old lady.
He used a KG-9.
Ours?
Yeah.
Jax. It was just supposed
to be some fetish stuff.
It was torture porn.
JAX: Who were they?
LYLA:
Persians. Ghanezi brothers.
[KIA GRUNTING]
You still owe us Trager.
JAX: My club has been cut.
I lose another body
and my charter folds.
That ain't my problem.
We haven't heard about Clay.
You won't.
Till he's out
of protective custody.
Someone wants him alive.
I need another angle
into the MC.
Sign this agreement
to cooperate
and I promise you a legal team
to fight this murder.
I wanna see my wife
and I wanna see my son.
You think I feel bad
for what I did?
I just want you to know
you did the right thing.
Clay is telling me how
he forgives me. It's crazy.
You gotta find out
what's going on.
LOWEN:
The motion for Wendy
to be the guardian for the boys,
we should move on that.
You will want that if something
were to happen to you.
You okay?
Sorry, it's a family thing.
COLETTE:
You know, I listen almost
as good as I suck dick.
GEMMA: How's Bobby?
I got a feeling he's gonna
patch out of Redwood.
GEMMA: Nomads folded.
JUICE:
All you need is four members
that don't have a home.
LEE:
You need to sign.
CLAY:
If I'm gonna rat out
my own son,
I wanna look him in the eye
before I do.
LEE:
Affidavit signed by
the former president
of the Sons of Anarchy,
Clay Morrow.
His testimony lets me reopen
a RICO case against the MC.
I point the gun dealing
at San Joaquin,
hand you your villains.
You want these guys dead,
don't you?
LEE:
Hurting people who hurt people.
That's always my end game.
Tell your boss
he has a nice place.
[♪♪♪]
PATTERSON:
The boy's journal that was
found at the crime scene
has been analyzed
by several psychiatric experts.
I can't go into details
about the contents
other than to say they were
violent and very disturbing.
The journal and other belongings
in the boy's locker
supported the school's
growing concern
about state of Matthew
Jennings' mental health.
We know that the diocese made
a recommendation over a year ago
that the boy seek
outside counseling.
Whether that intervention took
place is still being determined
as we continue
our ongoing discussion
with the Jennings family.
As far as the weapon goes,
we've identified it
as an older,
pre-1982 KG-9 submachine gun
modified to be fully automatic
with a standard
20-round magazine.
Because of the modification
and the lack of serial numbers
we know that the gun
had to be purchased illegally.
We are still trying
to determine whether
and how Matthew acquired
this weapon.
Stockton police, the ATF
and special investigators
are deep into this.
It is my highest priority,
as your district attorney
as a proud resident
of this county
and as a mother
to find the parties responsible
for putting a weapon so deadly
into the hands
of a child so broken.
Thank you.
That's all for now.
Tell me you found the mother.
Nowhere.
Friends, coworkers,
no one's seen or heard from her.
Shit. The boyfriend?
Arcadio Norona. MIA.
We picked up the two Byz-Lats
that were at the house.
They claim Darvany and Arcadio
were there when they left.
Leverage?
None.
They were clean.
Had to release them.
How'd it go?
Makes me feel better.
That's good.
What did you tell him?
Heh. My sins, Mama.
In a way.
And then what?
He sprinkles his magic
Jesus water
and everybody pretends
the bad shit never happened?
Yeah. Something like that.
GEMMA: I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Look, I don't know
if it works.
I guess I've been doing it
for so long,
I'm afraid of how bad
it gets if I stop.
You're a good man.
Hmm.
[SHOWER RUNNING]
[CAR APPROACHING]
[CAR DOORS CLOSE]
ERIN:
Hey, baby-- Aah!
Oh, Jesus. I'm sorry.
You shot me.
Oh, shit. I'm sorry. It's okay.
You're gonna-- Um--
Oh, God.
No, no, no.
You're gonna be fine. Shh, shh.
You're okay. You're okay. Shh.
It's gonna be okay.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
[SILENCED GUNSHOTS]
MAN: Room 6.
PATTERSON: Okay. Thanks.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪God takes your soul
You're on your own♪
♪The crow flies straight
A perfect line♪
♪On the devil's path
Until you die♪
♪Gotta look this life
In the eye♪
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
PATTERSON:
Mr. Toric?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
I'm coming!
Did we wake you?
Yeah. I was up late. Research.
Why didn't you tell me
about Tara Knowles?
I just came from
my weekly case briefings.
I talked to her.
She's toeing the family line.
She's a surgeon
facing manslaughter.
No room to push there?
The reality of jail time
hasn't set in yet.
Morrow was burned by the club.
Now he's facing a yard full
of shivs. He's our best play.
Play it.
Agreement
to turn state's evidence.
Get him to sign it.
It's my first stop.
Make this your second.
Matthew Jennings'
mother is missing.
Slipped out the door
while we were babysitting.
Banger beau's missing too,
I assume.
Yes. And of course nobody
knows anything.
Nero Padilla.
He's Arcadio Norona's cousin.
He's a Byz-Lat OG.
Runs semilegit escorts.
Currently in business
with Jax Teller,
SOA's president and
Dr. Knowles' significant other.
If anyone knows where the kid's
mom is, it'll be Padilla.
Good. We'll start with the two
shitheads at the Jennings house.
Maybe they'll flip on the OG,
give us some leverage.
Does this mean
I'm on the team?
Track down Darvany Jennings,
find out who gave her
son a submachine gun.
I'll take that as a yes.
Take it any way you want.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Yeah.
Teller's here.
He wants to talk to you.
What's going on with Clay?
He's summoned me to County.
Talk to his public defender.
He should be at his
parole violation hearing
right about now.
Gemma saw Clay yesterday,
ran into an ex-marshal, Toric.
Brother of the nurse
Otto killed.
Is this him?
Well, I heard the marshal's
been pulling some serious favors
to keep Clay whole
and away from
Pope's kill squad.
He also paid a visit
to Tara inside.
He's the one that
processed her arrest.
What does he want from Tara?
The same thing
that he wants from Clay.
Something to crush the guys
that murdered his sister.
And I guess you can relate.
Same hate you got for Clay
for killing your wife.
I'm not involved here.
Yeah, okay.
[CLEARS THROAT THEN SNIFFS]
UNSER: Morning.
Hey.
UNSER: Let me get that.
TARA: Oh, thanks.
No problem.
Ah, there you go.
Gemma here?
Not yet. I can handle them
for a while if you gotta run.
Uh...
I can wait for a bit.
Okay. Hey! Ah.
Easy. Look at him go.
How's that working out for you?
UNSER:
Spending my twilight years in a
trailer next to a used oil bin?
What I dreamed
of since I was a boy.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
How are you doing?
You getting through this?
No choice, right?
You're gonna be okay,
sweetheart.
Not about me anymore.
[CAR DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
GEMMA:
Hey.
You dropping them off?
Is that okay?
I have to go to St. Thomas
and get my hand checked.
That happen in County?
Making friends the Gemma way.
[CHUCKLES]
TARA:
They missed you.
Yeah, that's nice to know.
I'll be back in a few hours.
Yeah, sure.
That's a very worried mother.
Yeah, she's got no idea.
[DOOR BUZZES THEN OPENS]
I didn't think you'd come.
Well, I'm here.
Appreciate that.
So say what you gotta say.
Everything that went down,
I get it.
I earned it.
I'm not buying the mea culpa.
What did you give
the marshal for PC?
I promised to give up the club
if he let me see you and Gemma.
I just...
I just wanted you to know.
I'm sorry.
For all of it.
You shedding the guilt
before you turn?
No turn. No.
No, I ain't giving him shit.
They'll send me back
to gen pop.
And that'll play out
like expected.
All right.
That's all I wanted to say.
I'm sorry about your sister.
I can feel how personal
this is for you.
But Samcro
didn't kill her.
Otto acted alone.
He's not a member anymore.
He's just a broken guy,
more than a few blocks
from sane.
I don't give a shit
what you do to him.
But if you try
to come after my wife,
try to tie her to this murder,
you're gonna feel
how personal this is for me.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[DOOR BUZZES THEN OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
I'm hoping
that was all posturing.
Protecting your outlaw legacy
for as long as you can.
Your parole violation
sends you back to Stockton.
They got you on
the 11:30 transport.
My guess: You'll never make it
to the inside of a cell.
You are too smart
to go down like this.
Your club
set you up for murder.
Your wife betrayed you.
Come on, Clay.
I know how much
you want to hurt them.
[CHUCKLES]
You know, I can't help but
see the irony in all this.
You've gotten away with how many
kills in the last 30 years? Hmm?
And the one that gets
you the death sentence
is the one you didn't do.
[CHUCKLES]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING INDISTINCTLY
ON RADIO]
[THOMAS COOING]
Where's Tara?
She had a doctor's appointment.
Her hand.
She say when she'd be back?
Couple hours.
Why?
I need to ask her something.
Did you see Clay?
Yep.
Got the same sad speech.
Did you find out
what he gave the marshal?
Why he's protecting him?
Clay swears he didn't
give Toric anything.
TIG:
You believe him?
He's supposed to transfer
to Stockton this morning.
We'll see where he ends up.
If he's still in protective
custody, he was lying.
Aye.
And if he isn't,
he's dead.
JAX:
Either way, this marshal
is still a problem.
I got no doubt he's already made
the Byz-Lat connection
to this school shooting.
HAPPY:
We're laying low on guns.
Byz-Lat ties are buried.
JAX:
Yeah, he's gonna come at this
any way he can.
We got to assume every move
we make is being watched.
Play it straight.
Not even a parking ticket.
You understand?
Yeah.
Right.
JAX: All right.
I gotta meet Nero in Stockton,
sign these new Diosa papers.
Okay, well, me, Tig, Juice, Hap,
we'll come with you.
Phil, I need you to grab some
of the prospects, jump on T-M.
Our place is falling
way behind.
Someone should reach out to
Bobby, fill him in about Clay.
Then do it.
CHIBS: Jackie, boy.
You need to call Bobby.
He needs to hear from you.
If he misses me so much,
he shouldn't have left.
Let's go.
BOBBY: Thanks.
WAITRESS: You're welcome.
I know this would be
a huge change for you guys.
Grown accustomed to the gambling
and over-the-counter pussy.
But it's an opportunity
to make club history.
North Vegas is cool
with me moving on.
Indian Hills too.
Jerry was the one who
recommended we talk to you.
Knowing that Reno's
getting a little thick.
Jax signed off on you putting
this thing together?
No.
It's my call.
It's time for a change.
I need it,
and this club needs it.
I'm in.
Me too.
Is this barrio brew any good?
Hmm?
[MAN SINGING
IN SPANISH ON STEREO]
Where is an opener?
Where are Darvany Jennings
and Arcadio Norona?
Who?
[CHUCKLES]
[GOMES GRUNTS]
[GROANING]
[GOMES COUGHING]
Damn.
We ain't got no idea, guero.
[FIASCO GROANING]
What do you know? Twist-off.
That is good.
That's real good. Mm.
Go ahead.
I'll watch him.
Hey, baby. Come on.
[POP MUSIC PLAYING INDISTINCTLY
ON RADIO]
GEMMA: Hey.
Hey.
What do you need?
WENDY:
Sorry, I didn't know
they were here.
Is Jax around?
No.
What's going on?
I was attacked.
Attacked?
By who?
Some asshole
at an NA meeting.
Come on.
What happened?
This newcomer asked me
for my number.
Mexican guy, prison ink.
He's a scary dude.
I said no.
Then I saw him again
at another meeting
and he followed me out
to my car,
grabbed me by the neck and
shoved his hands down my pants.
I gouged his eyes,
I run to my car.
And as I'm pulling out,
he starts screaming
that him and his friends
are gonna find me
and rape me bloody.
I believe him.
Do you got a name?
Just a first.
His name is Luis.
I'm scared, Gemma.
I know Jax is pissed at me,
but--
It's okay.
Let me talk to him.
Okay.
Thanks.
[SIGHS]
Hey, look, why don't you
come by the house today
when you're done with work?
Okay.
Thanks.
Come here.
It's gonna be okay.
NERO:
Once you apply for a license,
they send someone from
the city manager's office.
Do an inspection,
make sure everything's legit.
I can probably
help with that.
How deep is that inspection?
Do they look at my books?
Everything.
And they can drop by anytime.
Nero will show you how
to protect the in-house income.
Girls gotta be willing to do
things by the book, though.
They know.
I run a very conservative house.
We like pussy that slants
a little to the right.
[GUNFIRE]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[CAR ALARM BLARING]
[SIREN WAILING]
BAROSKY: Thanks, Steve.
STEVE: No problem.
How's your guy?
He's got three bullets
in his back.
How do you think he is?
Was this us or you?
A witness got a partial plate
on the white Mercedes.
One match.
Amir Ghanezi.
Torture-porn scumbag.
I thought that was handled.
BAROSKY: So did I.
Anything I should know?
No, man.
We did exactly as you said.
We also stole his money and
his drugs, trashed his studio.
That could've stirred up
some bad feelings.
Let's go find out.
He's got a boat in the marina.
Probably halfway
to the Caspian Sea by now.
Hey, do we need to give
you a ride to your house?
She should stay here.
My guys'll keep an eye on her.
Yeah, I'll wait here.
Juice.
Hang with Colette.
Keep your eyes open.
Am I talking to myself here?
Hey, just in case your guys
actually get a real police call.
Hey, don't fight over me,
boys.
My daddy says
I'm not worth it.
JAX:
I'll check in later.
Did Morrow sign the affidavit?
I missed him at County.
I gotta wait till
he's processed in Stockton.
I did chat
with the two Byz-Lats.
They couldn't say much.
Couldn't or wouldn't?
Both. They're protecting
Nero Padilla.
He's the way to tie
the MC to the gun.
I checked him out.
OG's been living clean.
Nothing outstanding.
I hear he's brutal
with his girls.
I'll need to run a check
on all his escorts,
see if any have something
they may wanna trade.
Do it.
Sign this.
Covers my ass in case
you go rogue.
Special investigator
is a week-to-week gig.
This week's almost up.
I assume you have a gun.
I might have one lying around.
I forgot
how much work this is.
Active duty.
Very few straight lines, eh?
East dock. Slip 17.
The boat's called the Dayoos.
CHIBS:
I count three on the deck.
Okay. So how we
gonna do this?
Let's make it
a social call.
These assholes just tried
to blow us away.
What's the matter, kid?
Too risky?
CHIBS:
No, no, no.
Too stupid.
JAX: No, it's okay.
CHIBS:
Jackie.
JAX:
Who's gonna take a shot at me
when I'm with the lord
of the docks?
Let's go make some friends.
Amir. Amir.
Hey, Amir, we just wanna talk,
figure out what the beef is.
[SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
Toss your guns.
What's the matter, old man?
Too risky?
[GUN CLATTERS]
So talk.
We know you tried
to blow our heads off.
Yeah? Then have me arrested.
BAROSKY:
Hey, you shot up my place,
put a friend of mine
in the hospital.
These biker assholes crashed
my studio, scared my girls.
JAX:
We scared your girls?
You had them caged and raped,
you filthy Arab.
That's enough.
We settled that.
No.
I haven't seen my brother
since they took him.
But we found his jacket
in the water this morning.
I know they killed him.
And they dumped his body
in the bay.
Amir, I don't know
what happened to your brother,
but I am telling you,
we didn't kill him.
BAROSKY:
That's true.
I was with them
in the warehouse
when they cut
your brother loose.
You see?
And he was pissed
that you caved.
That's probably why he split.
No.
Kia would never just walk away
from his family.
Well, then keep looking because
we got no idea where he is.
Amir, this is done.
Get it?
For now,
we're even.
Well, I didn't say
we were even.
[ALL GRUNTING]
JAX:
Don't move.
Now, that feels like even.
Jesus Christ.
Now, you start your boat and
you set sail and you keep going.
And if I ever see you
or your goddamned Iranian kin
in my town again,
I will personally gut
every one of you.
You wanna tell me
what happened to the brother?
I don't know.
Look, I'm not playing you, man.
I told my guy to cut him loose.
And did he?
You can't trust your crew,
I can't trust you.
I'll handle it.
You owe me one,
Handsome Jack.
So?
What went down on that boat?
JAX:
You were right.
They were pissed
because we pushed them out.
NERO:
Are we all settled now, I hope?
Yeah. All settled.
I gotta get back, check in with
Diosa. You wanna handle this?
GUARD:
On the gate.
[DOOR BUZZES THEN OPENS]
Nuts and butts, Morrow.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
KETTLE:
Ain't nobody watching.
That didn't take long.
It's your day of reckoning,
old white dude.
[ALL GRUNTING]
MAN:
Oh, bitch.
Just get it done.
That's gonna be your choice.
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
INDISTINCTLY ON RADIO]
TARA: Hey.
Hey.
Where's Abel?
GEMMA:
Unser and Phil are making
him popcorn. That one just ate.
Oh. Good.
How's the hand?
Oh, it's about the same.
Thank you
for looking after them.
Of course.
Hey.
Um....
You and Jax ever talk
to Wendy?
You know, about that
whole guardian thing?
No. Not really.
I have other things on my mind.
Yeah. I guess so.
You need help
with any of that?
I don't think so.
At least, not yet.
Well, what's that supposed
to mean?
If I tell you something,
do you promise to keep
it to yourself?
Secrets are what I do.
I'm pregnant.
About eight weeks.
Oh, my God.
That's wonderful.
The timing kind of sucks,
but, yeah.
How's Jax with it?
I just found out for sure.
I'll tell him tonight.
Oh, honey, we're gonna figure
everything out, sweetheart.
That's fantastic.
ABEL:
Mommy.
Oh.
[GIGGLES]
Come here.
What you doing?
You having such a good time?
[ABEL & TARA GIGGLE]
What's going on?
Where's Colette?
Closed up shop.
One of Barosky's guys picked
her up a few minutes ago.
Said she'd call you.
All right.
I'm gonna go see her.
Tig?
Yeah.
JAX:
You're with me.
Rest of you guys head back
to T-M.
I need you there.
Put everyone on notice.
Just until we know
this Persian thing is done.
Aye. Okay.
Let's go.
So we heading over
to Colette's?
Just me.
I didn't wanna say anything
in front of our Catholic friend.
What's going on?
That Persian porn equipment,
we pack all that shit up?
Yeah, man. It's at the port.
All right.
I need you
to head down there.
I'm gonna send the prospect
with the van.
I want you to store it
at the gun warehouse
just in case Ghanezi
comes looking for it.
I thought that was all handled.
The younger brother
never showed up.
They found his jacket
in the bay this morning.
Amir thinks we killed him.
You kidding me?
I cut him loose, man.
I know.
You remember where it is?
Yeah. It's just off of Fremont.
All right.
I love you, brother.
I love you too.
[CHATTERING]
[DOOR BUZZES]
Clay Morrow.
Just dropped into K-level.
Your ink got tagged out.
What happened?
Internal matter.
Ask around. Lenny
the Pimp's a brother.
MC don't mean shit
around here.
I know the drill.
All right. Wait here.
I'm gonna talk to Carson.
[JENNIFER O'CONNOR
& THE FOREST RANGERS'
"RUNNING BLUES" PLAYING]
♪God knows♪
I'm gonna make all this matter.
♪It's the last time♪
♪ I was running
Running, running ♪
♪ Running, running free ♪
♪ I was running,
Running, running ♪
♪Running away from you♪
[MELLOW POP MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
[CHATTERING]
Hey. I think she's upstairs.
WOMAN:
Oh. Yes. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
[MAN MOANS]
MAN:
That's it, baby.
Yes.
WOMAN: Oh, yes!
That's it. Get it.
Get it. That's it, baby.
[MOANS]
[CHATTERING]
CARSON:
Clay.
Heard you
buried Damon Pope.
Need some cover from GN.
CLAY: Yeah.
KETTLE:
White boy.
[INMATES SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
You be tight, stay sharp.
Jackson.
August.
I haven't heard anything
from Stockton.
Clay's still alive.
But he had to earn it.
Thanks for
making that happen.
Hey, don't thank me yet.
He's dead before morning
if I don't like the reason.
I'm taking your mentor's lead.
Shedding the thing
that brings us heat.
Guns.
Yeah.
Clay has old-school ties
with the IRA.
I might need him to navigate
a very messy breakup.
I want him dead
as much as you do.
This is business.
It's the smart play.
It's smart for you.
It compromises me.
Sends the wrong message.
I get that.
I'm resurrecting Caracara.
It's our old porn studio.
I know it's not exactly
the type of business
Pope Industries
usually associates with,
but it could be very lucrative
for a silent partner.
And our other piece
of business?
Send me business plan of your
adult-entertainment enterprise.
Yeah.
[OVER SPEAKERS]
♪And I break you open♪
I'm gonna head out
with Montez and West.
BOBBY:
Cool.
Get them to put
in their letters right away.
I want those charters
to sign off.
I wanna be on the road
by the end of the week.
They know.
I'll see you then, brother.
♪Living life in a bubble♪
♪Living like you're here♪
♪ It's the way I live ♪
♪Oh, I want you back♪
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[SIGHS]
Coming.
[THE FOREST RANGERS'
"EVERYDAY PEOPLE" PLAYING]
Hey.
Problems?
No.
Scumbag didn't come by work.
You talk to Jax yet?
It's not a good time.
Shit.
Here.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Hey.
Till we shut this guy down,
you gotta protect yourself.
He's probably just noise.
You show him that, the chances
are you'll never see him again.
Unless he pulls his own out
and blows my head off.
Then you blow first.
I know these scumbags.
This is the only way
they learn.
Look, it's got
no numbers on it.
Can't ever be traced to you.
Just keeping it in your bag
will give you comfort.
Is it Kahr?
Yeah.
How's the recoil on this thing?
A little snappy.
Come on. I'll walk you out.
Open!
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
♪Sometimes I'm right
And I can be wrong♪
♪ My own beliefs are
In my songs ♪
♪A butcher, a banker
A drummer and then♪
♪Makes no difference
What group I'm in♪
♪'Cause I am everyday people♪
♪Ooh, sha sha♪
♪Yeah♪
♪'Cause I am everyday people♪
[LINE RINGS]
♪Ooh, sha sha♪
♪There is a blue one♪
♪ Who can't accept
The green one ♪
♪ For living
With the fat one ♪
♪Trying to be a skinny one♪
♪And different strokes
For different folks♪
♪And so on and so on
And shooby-dooby-doo♪
♪Ooh, sha sha♪
GUARD:
Your friends in the GN
said thank you.
You might need this.
♪Ooh, yeah♪
♪Oh, sha sha♪
♪I'm no better
And neither are you♪
♪We are the same
Whatever we do♪
♪You love me, hate me
You know me and then♪
♪You can't figure out
The bag I'm in♪
Your tea.
Mm.
♪I am everyday people♪
[LOCK CLICKS]
♪Ooh, sha sha♪
♪Sugar, I am everyday people♪
♪Now, there is a longhair♪
♪ That doesn't like
The shorthair ♪
♪ For being such a rich one ♪
Who spotted it?
SHERIFF: 911 call.
Saw a pickup pull away as
they stopped to change a flat.
♪Different strokes
For different folks♪
♪And so on and so on
And scooby-dooby-doo, yeah♪
♪Ooh, sha sha♪
♪ Now, we got to
Live together ♪
♪Ooh, sha sha♪
♪Everyday, everyday
Everyday, everyday♪
♪ Everyday people ♪
♪Everyday, everyday
Everyday, everyday♪
♪ Everyday people ♪
About time.
Where you--?
Oh, shit.
♪Different strokes
For different folks♪
♪And so on and so on
And scooby-dooby-dooby♪
♪Ooh, sha sha♪
♪ 'Cause we got to
Live together ♪
I love you.
♪ 'Cause we got to
Live together ♪
♪'Cause we got to
Live together♪
♪'Cause I am everyday people♪
♪Yeah, yeah♪
[♪♪♪]